c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.dll.config
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.apk
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\MiniHack.Droid.apk
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MiniHack.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MiniHack.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\obj\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack.Droid\bin\Debug\MiniHack.Droid.dll.mdb
