c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\MiniHack.dll.config
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\MiniHack.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\MiniHack.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\obj\Debug\MiniHack.csproj.App.config
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\obj\Debug\MiniHack.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\obj\Debug\MiniHack.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\obj\Debug\MiniHack.dll
c:\users\es.cheah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\obj\Debug\MiniHack.pdb
c:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\obj\Debug\MiniHack.Success.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\obj\Debug\MiniHack.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\MiniHack.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\obj\Debug\MiniHack.dll.mdb
C:\Users\es.cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MiniHack\MiniHack\MiniHack\bin\Debug\MiniHack.dll.mdb
